{'horoscope': 'Libra life in 2019, may have a blend of both rises and falls of situations and outcomes. You may see an increase in your level of reputation in the society, due to the effect of Jupiter. But as per the Libra 2019 horoscope, there may be hurdles that you have to deal with while making money due to the effect of Saturn. This will also have an impact on your mindset which will receive a lot of strain and tension as well. Furthermore, you will also witness stress and face a lot of struggle in your relationship with your spouse, so try to be more calm and composed rather than firing back, says Ganesha. Rahu, on the other hand will have both negative and positive affect in your life, where, on one side you will be honoured by people and on the other, it will have an impact on your business. As per the 2019 Libra horoscope, you may eventually be able to find some sort of stability during this period of time, and thus you should make the most out of it. So, try to hold on to any and every opportunity that you get so that you can be very productive and be able to set yourself in every possible way. Keep in mind to stay away from any kind of quarrel or heated discussion at this point of time. The movement of Venus with Rahu and Jupiter, this year, will throw you in a better place, which is a good sign. But you may also feel uneasy, nervous and anxious due to the transit of Saturn and Ketu. So it is recommended to deal with this time, with equanimity and self control, which will be really beneficial for you. Libra is known to attain stability and maintain an equilibrium, to be impartial and see things as it is, which gives them the power to balance themselves in the best manner possible, in accordance with the Libra 2019 predictions. You people have a chance to go out of the country, for further studies as this period is the most constructive and productive time, which will give you very good results, according to the Libra horoscope 2019. Apart from this, it is also important to take care of your children’s health and hygiene. To add further, this year, make sure that you take really good care of your health and are conscious about it, as there is a possibility that you may have a negative influence on your health. On a positive note, you will see economical gains as your source of income increases, making you a lot more stable than before, financially, but your weak health may give you a hard time and make you uncomfortable on a mental level, as per the Libra life in 2019. So, make sure that you deal with all such issues wisely and do the needful without any procrastination.', 'sunsign': 'libra', 'year': '2019'}